c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe.config
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.pdb
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
c:\users\s00155673\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe.config
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.pdb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Message.xnb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 1.xnb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 2.xnb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 3.xnb
C:\Users\s00155673\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 4.xnb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Message.xnb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 1.xnb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 2.xnb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 3.xnb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 4.xnb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe.config
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.pdb
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
C:\Users\Owned\Documents\GitHub\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe.config
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background.xnb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Message.xnb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 1.xnb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 2.xnb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 3.xnb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 4.xnb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.pdb
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\s00159718\Source\Repos\JJJNCasualGamesProject\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bolt.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe.config
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Message.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 1.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 2.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 3.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 4.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bolt.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background.xnb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Owin.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CommonDataItems.pdb
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
G:\January15\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
